this video may show you guys how to
mount the Raymarine dragonfly as you can
see the transducer itself is a lot
bigger than the hole and it won't mount
to the whole bee Lowrance right away so
he hasn't make some modifications to do
it so first off take off the three
screws and then you feed your line
through the hole they just have it like
this it's we're gonna have to file down
these tabs right here
once I got drilled make sure do little
minor adjustments so I can hold on to it
now go back into the boat this is where
it's coming from so pop it in here pop
out this one it's with your fish finder
wires
big thing here is just put these on the
way you put them so make sure you feed
your wires through first so in your feed
your wire through here make sure this is
on the other side you don't want to
start all over again
and make sure there's rubber grommet to
now you put the little rubber rings here
you can tell if you forgot
you can see how hassle would be you have
to unbolt everything
thank you this part through make sure
these tabs
depending on what you want a battery